Something bad happened to the president
What's up?
The Xiao family launched a business attack on us
Our group's
The industry has been hit by the Xiao family
All shareholders began to divest
Stock limit down
Shangguan Group is about to go bankrupt
Pardon me?
Hello Yarong
It's me Xiao Lingtian
How about the gift for you? Are you satisfied?
Xiao Lingtian, you are a jerk
Yeah, I'm a jerk.
Shangguan Yarong
I don't want Shangguan to go bankrupt
Then come to the startup stage of paying the fee
Remember, you only have half an hour.
Otherwise, I want you to go bankrupt at Shangguan Group
Take a taxi to the suburbs
Mr. Chen
Where is your president?
Mr. Chen, the Xiao family has launched an attack on us
The president received a call from Xiao Liantian
I went to the Xiao family's suburban manor
What give me the address